Psalm 78 a contemplation of a Seth give
Psalm 78 a contemplation of a Seth give ear all my people to my law incline your
ear all my people to my law incline your
ear all my people to my law incline your ears to the words of my mouth I will
ears to the words of my mouth I will
ears to the words of my mouth I will open my mouth in a parable I will utter
open my mouth in a parable I will utter
open my mouth in a parable I will utter dark scenes of old which we have heard
dark scenes of old which we have heard
dark scenes of old which we have heard and known and our fathers have told us
and known and our fathers have told us
and known and our fathers have told us we will not hide them from their
we will not hide them from their
we will not hide them from their children telling to the generation to
children telling to the generation to
children telling to the generation to come the praises of the Lord and his
come the praises of the Lord and his
come the praises of the Lord and his strength and his wonderful works that he
strength and his wonderful works that he
strength and his wonderful works that he has done where he established a
has done where he established a
has done where he established a testimony in Jacob and appointed a law
testimony in Jacob and appointed a law
testimony in Jacob and appointed a law in Israel which he commanded our fathers
in Israel which he commanded our fathers
in Israel which he commanded our fathers that they should make them known to
that they should make them known to
that they should make them known to their children
their children
their children that the generation to come might know
that the generation to come might know
that the generation to come might know them the children who would be born that
them the children who would be born that
them the children who would be born that they may rise and declare them to their
they may rise and declare them to their
they may rise and declare them to their children that they may set their hope in
children that they may set their hope in
children that they may set their hope in God and not forget the works of God
God and not forget the works of God
God and not forget the works of God but keep his Commandments and may not be
but keep his Commandments and may not be
but keep his Commandments and may not be like their fathers a stubborn and
like their fathers a stubborn and
like their fathers a stubborn and rebellious generation a generation that
rebellious generation a generation that
rebellious generation a generation that did not set its heart to write and whose
did not set its heart to write and whose
did not set its heart to write and whose spirit was not faithful to God
spirit was not faithful to God
spirit was not faithful to God the children of Ephraim being armed and
the children of Ephraim being armed and
the children of Ephraim being armed and carrying bows turned back in the day of
carrying bows turned back in the day of
carrying bows turned back in the day of battle they did not keep the Covenant of
battle they did not keep the Covenant of
battle they did not keep the Covenant of God they refused to walk in his law and
God they refused to walk in his law and
God they refused to walk in his law and forgot his works and his wonders that he
forgot his works and his wonders that he
forgot his works and his wonders that he had shown them marvelous things he did
had shown them marvelous things he did
had shown them marvelous things he did in the sight of their fathers in the
in the sight of their fathers in the
in the sight of their fathers in the land of Egypt in the field of xoan he
land of Egypt in the field of xoan he
land of Egypt in the field of xoan he divided the sea and caused them to pass
divided the sea and caused them to pass
divided the sea and caused them to pass through and he made the water to stand
through and he made the water to stand
through and he made the water to stand up like a heap in the daytime also he
up like a heap in the daytime also he
up like a heap in the daytime also he led them with the cloud and all the
led them with the cloud and all the
led them with the cloud and all the night with a light of fire he split the
night with a light of fire he split the
night with a light of fire he split the rocks in the wilderness and gave them
rocks in the wilderness and gave them
rocks in the wilderness and gave them drink in abundance like the deaths he
drink in abundance like the deaths he
drink in abundance like the deaths he also brought streams out of the rock and
also brought streams out of the rock and
also brought streams out of the rock and caused waters to run down like rivers
caused waters to run down like rivers
caused waters to run down like rivers but they sinned even more against him by
but they sinned even more against him by
but they sinned even more against him by rebelling against the most high in the
rebelling against the most high in the
rebelling against the most high in the wilderness and they tested God in their
wilderness and they tested God in their
wilderness and they tested God in their heart by asking for the food of their
heart by asking for the food of their
heart by asking for the food of their fancy
fancy
fancy yes they spoke against God they said can
yes they spoke against God they said can
yes they spoke against God they said can God prepare a table in the wilderness
God prepare a table in the wilderness
God prepare a table in the wilderness behold he struck the rock so that the
behold he struck the rock so that the
behold he struck the rock so that the waters gushed out and the streams
waters gushed out and the streams
waters gushed out and the streams overflowed can he give bread also can he
overflowed can he give bread also can he
overflowed can he give bread also can he provide meat for his people therefore
provide meat for his people therefore
provide meat for his people therefore the Lord heard this and was furious so a
the Lord heard this and was furious so a
the Lord heard this and was furious so a fire was kindled against Jacob an anger
fire was kindled against Jacob an anger
fire was kindled against Jacob an anger also came up against Israel because they
also came up against Israel because they
also came up against Israel because they did not believe in God and did not trust
did not believe in God and did not trust
did not believe in God and did not trust in his salvation
in his salvation
in his salvation yet he had commanded the clouds above
yet he had commanded the clouds above
yet he had commanded the clouds above and opened the doors of heaven and
and opened the doors of heaven and
and opened the doors of heaven and rained down manna on them to eat and
rained down manna on them to eat and
rained down manna on them to eat and given them of the bread of heaven men
given them of the bread of heaven men
given them of the bread of heaven men ate angels food he sent them food to the
ate angels food he sent them food to the
ate angels food he sent them food to the full
full
full he caused an east wind to blow in the
he caused an east wind to blow in the
he caused an east wind to blow in the heavens and by his power he brought in
heavens and by his power he brought in
heavens and by his power he brought in the south wind
the south wind
the south wind he also rained meat on them like the
he also rained meat on them like the
he also rained meat on them like the dust feathered fowl at the sand of the
dust feathered fowl at the sand of the
dust feathered fowl at the sand of the seas and he let them fall in the midst
seas and he let them fall in the midst
seas and he let them fall in the midst of their camp all around their dwellings
of their camp all around their dwellings
of their camp all around their dwellings so they ate and were well filled for he
so they ate and were well filled for he
so they ate and were well filled for he gave them their own desire they were not
gave them their own desire they were not
gave them their own desire they were not deprived of their craving
deprived of their craving
deprived of their craving but while their food was still in their
but while their food was still in their
but while their food was still in their mouths
mouths
mouths the wrath of God came against them and
the wrath of God came against them and
the wrath of God came against them and slew the stoutest of them and struck
slew the stoutest of them and struck
slew the stoutest of them and struck down the choice men of Israel in spite
down the choice men of Israel in spite
down the choice men of Israel in spite of this they still sinned and did not
of this they still sinned and did not
of this they still sinned and did not believe in his wondrous works there for
believe in his wondrous works there for
believe in his wondrous works there for their days he consumed in futility and
their days he consumed in futility and
their days he consumed in futility and their years in fear when he slew them
their years in fear when he slew them
their years in fear when he slew them then they saw him and they returned and
then they saw him and they returned and
then they saw him and they returned and sought earnestly for God then they
sought earnestly for God then they
sought earnestly for God then they remembered that God was their rock and
remembered that God was their rock and
remembered that God was their rock and the Most High God their Redeemer
nevertheless they flattered him with
nevertheless they flattered him with their mouth and they lied to him with
their mouth and they lied to him with
their mouth and they lied to him with their tongue with her heart was not
their tongue with her heart was not
their tongue with her heart was not steadfast with him nor were they
steadfast with him nor were they
steadfast with him nor were they faithful in his covenant but he being
faithful in his covenant but he being
faithful in his covenant but he being full of compassion forgave their
full of compassion forgave their
full of compassion forgave their iniquity and did not destroy them yes
iniquity and did not destroy them yes
iniquity and did not destroy them yes many a time he turned his anger away and
many a time he turned his anger away and
many a time he turned his anger away and did not stir up all his wrath where he
did not stir up all his wrath where he
did not stir up all his wrath where he remembered that they were but flesh a
remembered that they were but flesh a
remembered that they were but flesh a breath that passes away and does not
breath that passes away and does not
breath that passes away and does not come again how often they provoked him
come again how often they provoked him
come again how often they provoked him in the wilderness and grieved him in the
in the wilderness and grieved him in the
in the wilderness and grieved him in the desert yes again and again they tempted
desert yes again and again they tempted
desert yes again and again they tempted God and limited the Holy One of Israel
God and limited the Holy One of Israel
God and limited the Holy One of Israel they did not remember his power the day
they did not remember his power the day
they did not remember his power the day when he redeemed them from the enemy
when he redeemed them from the enemy
when he redeemed them from the enemy when he worked his signs in Egypt and
when he worked his signs in Egypt and
when he worked his signs in Egypt and his wonders in the field of ZOA turned
his wonders in the field of ZOA turned
his wonders in the field of ZOA turned their rivers into blood and their
their rivers into blood and their
their rivers into blood and their streams but they could not drink he sent
streams but they could not drink he sent
streams but they could not drink he sent swarms of flies among which devoured
swarms of flies among which devoured
swarms of flies among which devoured them and frogs which destroyed them he
them and frogs which destroyed them he
them and frogs which destroyed them he also gave their crops to the caterpillar
also gave their crops to the caterpillar
also gave their crops to the caterpillar and their labor to the locust he
and their labor to the locust he
and their labor to the locust he destroyed their vines with hail and
destroyed their vines with hail and
destroyed their vines with hail and their sycamore trees with frost he also
their sycamore trees with frost he also
their sycamore trees with frost he also gave up their cattle to the hail and
gave up their cattle to the hail and
gave up their cattle to the hail and their flocks to fiery lightning
their flocks to fiery lightning
their flocks to fiery lightning he cast on them the fierceness of his
he cast on them the fierceness of his
he cast on them the fierceness of his anger wrath indignation and trouble by
anger wrath indignation and trouble by
anger wrath indignation and trouble by sending angels of destruction among them
sending angels of destruction among them
sending angels of destruction among them he made a path for his anger he did not
he made a path for his anger he did not
he made a path for his anger he did not spare their soul from death but gave
spare their soul from death but gave
spare their soul from death but gave their life over to the plague and
their life over to the plague and
their life over to the plague and destroyed all the firstborn in Egypt the
destroyed all the firstborn in Egypt the
destroyed all the firstborn in Egypt the first of their strength in the tents of
first of their strength in the tents of
first of their strength in the tents of ham but he made his own people go forth
ham but he made his own people go forth
ham but he made his own people go forth like sheep and guided them in the
like sheep and guided them in the
like sheep and guided them in the wilderness like a flock and he led them
wilderness like a flock and he led them
wilderness like a flock and he led them on safely so that they did not fear but
on safely so that they did not fear but
on safely so that they did not fear but the CEO ver whelmed their enemies and he
the CEO ver whelmed their enemies and he
the CEO ver whelmed their enemies and he brought them to his holy border this
brought them to his holy border this
brought them to his holy border this mountain which his right hand had
mountain which his right hand had
mountain which his right hand had acquired he also drove out the nations
acquired he also drove out the nations
acquired he also drove out the nations before them a lot of them an inheritance
before them a lot of them an inheritance
before them a lot of them an inheritance by survey and made the tribes of Israel
by survey and made the tribes of Israel
by survey and made the tribes of Israel dwell in their tents yet they tested and
dwell in their tents yet they tested and
dwell in their tents yet they tested and provoked the Most High God and did not
provoked the Most High God and did not
provoked the Most High God and did not keep his testimonies but turned back and
keep his testimonies but turned back and
keep his testimonies but turned back and acted unfaithfully like their fathers
acted unfaithfully like their fathers
acted unfaithfully like their fathers they were turned aside like a deceitful
they were turned aside like a deceitful
they were turned aside like a deceitful boat for they provoked him to anger with
boat for they provoked him to anger with
boat for they provoked him to anger with their high places and moved him to
their high places and moved him to
their high places and moved him to jealousy with their carved images when
jealousy with their carved images when
jealousy with their carved images when God heard this he was furious and
God heard this he was furious and
God heard this he was furious and greatly a horrid Israel so that he
greatly a horrid Israel so that he
greatly a horrid Israel so that he forsook the tabernacle of Shiloh the
forsook the tabernacle of Shiloh the
forsook the tabernacle of Shiloh the tent he had placed among men and
tent he had placed among men and
tent he had placed among men and delivered his strength into captivity
delivered his strength into captivity
delivered his strength into captivity and his glory into the enemy's hand
and his glory into the enemy's hand
and his glory into the enemy's hand he also gave his people over to the
he also gave his people over to the
he also gave his people over to the sword and was furious with his
sword and was furious with his
sword and was furious with his inheritance the fire consumed their
inheritance the fire consumed their
inheritance the fire consumed their young men and their maidens were not
young men and their maidens were not
young men and their maidens were not given in marriage their priests fell by
given in marriage their priests fell by
given in marriage their priests fell by the sword and their widows made no
the sword and their widows made no
the sword and their widows made no lamentation
lamentation
lamentation then the Lord awoke as from sleep like a
then the Lord awoke as from sleep like a
then the Lord awoke as from sleep like a mighty man who shouts because of wine
mighty man who shouts because of wine
mighty man who shouts because of wine and he beat back his enemies he put them
and he beat back his enemies he put them
and he beat back his enemies he put them to a perpetual reproach moreover he
to a perpetual reproach moreover he
to a perpetual reproach moreover he rejected the tent of Joseph and did not
rejected the tent of Joseph and did not
rejected the tent of Joseph and did not choose the tribe of Ephraim but chose
choose the tribe of Ephraim but chose
choose the tribe of Ephraim but chose the tribe of Judah Mount Zion which he
the tribe of Judah Mount Zion which he
the tribe of Judah Mount Zion which he loved and he built his sanctuary like
loved and he built his sanctuary like
loved and he built his sanctuary like the heights
the heights
the heights like the earth which he has established
like the earth which he has established
like the earth which he has established forever he also chose David his servant
forever he also chose David his servant
forever he also chose David his servant and took him from the Sheep folds from
and took him from the Sheep folds from
and took him from the Sheep folds from following the use that had young he
following the use that had young he
following the use that had young he brought him to Shepherd Jacob his people
brought him to Shepherd Jacob his people
brought him to Shepherd Jacob his people and Israel his inheritance so he
and Israel his inheritance so he
and Israel his inheritance so he shepherded them according to the
shepherded them according to the
shepherded them according to the integrity of his heart and guided them
integrity of his heart and guided them
integrity of his heart and guided them by the skillfulness his hands
by the skillfulness his hands
by the skillfulness his hands [Music]